TERMS OF USE OF THE AIR LIQUIDE NOBLE GAS-PROTEIN DATABASE

The Air Liquide Noble Gas-Protein Database (the “Database”) is owned and operated by Air Liquide Santé (International), a company registered with the Nanterre trade register under number 552134728, with a share capital of 38.476.752,00 euros and having its registered office at located at 75 quai d’Orsay 75007 Paris (“Air Liquide” or “we” or “us”).

1.	Acceptance of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”) define the legal framework governing access to and use of the Database. Access to and use of the Database are subject to your acceptance of these Terms of Use. In this regard, by accessing or using, the Database, you agree to be bound automatically by these Terms of Use as well their amendments in force at the time of your access to the Database, and you agree that such acceptance shall have the same legal value as a written express acceptance. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not (and you are not permitted to) access or use the Database. Please read carefully these Terms of Use before using the Database. We may modify or adapt these Terms of Use at any time, for the future. We will inform you of any substantial modification by placing a notice on the Database. Your continued access and use of the Database after a modification or adaptation of these Terms of Use will be deemed as your acceptance of any modified terms. If you disagree with any modification or adaptation of the Terms of Use, you must cease accessing and using the Database. 

2.	Registration. You will need to register by entering your email address. A password will then be communicated to you by Air Liquide to complete your account creation. You shall keep your password confidential and any access to the database through your email address will be considered as initiated by you.  

3.	Intellectual Property. Air Liquide grants you a limited non-exclusive and non-transferable right and license to access and use the Database and its content in compliance with this article 3 and article 4 below and with no right to sublicense except as expressly authorized. Air Liquide owns Intellectual Property Rights on the Database and its content. You have no ownership right in the Database, any portion thereof; or any other Intellectual Property of Air Liquide. In this respect, you shall not, without the prior and written consent of Air Liquide, use or adopt any trademark, trade name, or commercial designation that includes or is similar to or may be mistaken for the whole or any part of any trademark, trade name or commercial designation used or owned by Air Liquide.

4.	Use of the Database. Air Liquide grants you the right to make reasonable extractions of the content from the Database and to use said content for internal research purposes only. You are further granted the right to publish the results of your internal researches made on the basis of said content of the Database. The Database and its content are therefore made available by Air Liquide for your reasonable, non-commercial use and for scientific purposes only. Any publication of the results of your research made on the basis of the content of the Database shall expressly include credits in the following manner "This study made use of the Air Liquide Noble Gas-Protein Database." Any use of the Database and/or its content outside the aforesaid scope, including inter alia for any commercial use, shall be subject to Air Liquide prior and written consent. You may not use the Database or its content in a manner that is illegal, fraudulent, improper or inappropriate. You may not resort to any automated means to use the Database or its content. Air Liquide reserves the right to review your account activity and, if any illegal, fraudulent, improper, inappropriate or automated use of the Database or its content is found, to suspend your access to the Database and/or delete your account without prior notice. You are not authorized to (i) reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, arrange, the Database or its content or any portion thereof, except as otherwise agreed under these Terms of Use; (ii) compile the content in any other (new or existing) database and/or create or distribute a database that would compete with the Database; (iii) distribute the Database and its content by any means and technical method, in any format. You are not authorized to make available to any third party, either directly or indirectly, any part of the Database or its content except with Air Liquide prior consent. 

5.	Content. The Database and its content are not intended to constitute any scientific or professional advice or service. If you are not a professional or a specialist, you must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from taking any action on the basis of this Database or its content. This Database and its content may be reviewed and modified by Air Liquide at any time without prior notice. 

6.	Liability. We try to make the Database accessible at all time, but we cannot warrant that it will be continuously available or without defect. Furthermore, to the extent that the Database and its content are made available to you on a free basis, for a non-commercial use and for scientific knowledge sharing only, it is understood that the Database and its content are made accessible on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Air Liquide gives no warranty nor represents, without limitation, that (i) the Database and its content will meet your requirements, (ii) the same will be uninterrupted, timely, or default and error free, (iii) the result that may be displayed through the Database and its content will be accurate, up to date or reliable. We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions and make any amendment on our Database. Although we intend to take reasonable steps to prevent the introduction of viruses, worms, “trojan horses” or other destructive materials to our Database, we do not guarantee or warrant that our Database or materials that may be downloaded from our Database do not contain such destructive features. We are not liable for any damages or harm attributable to such features. If you rely on our Database and any materials available through our Database, you do so solely at your own risks. You will be responsible for any loss we suffer as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Air Liquide from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs resulting from any violation by you of these Terms of Use or of the law.

Privacy. When you access and use the Database, Air Liquide collects, use and process, to the extent permitted by law, your personal data provided by you (i.e. your name, first name and your email address). Your personal data will be used for establishing and maintaining your account. Your personal data will be processed 12 months after your most recent connection to the Database. Your personal data will be transferred outside the EEA (i.e. Australia) to the technical operator of our platform. This transfer is made in compliance with standard contract clauses issued by the European Commission. By using the Database, you consent to the collection and processing of your personal data. In accordance with applicable laws, you may at any time access, rectify, complete, update, block or delete your personal data. To this effect, please contact Air Liquide in writing either by e-mail at the following address:

Attn : Ira KATZ
Centre de Recherche PARIS-SACLAY
1 chemin de la Porte des Loges
BP 126 Les Loges-en-Josas
78354 Jouy-en-Josas France

Ira.katz@airliquide.com


Air Liquide further uses cookies. Cookies are small files that may be downloaded on your computer when you access and use the Database. They allow recognizing your computer and storing information about your past actions. Air Liquide use cookies to store login information in order to facilitate secure access so that you do not need to enter your ID and password again during a session. 
Cookies’ name	Purpose	Retention period
connect.sid	To store login information in order to facilitate secure access so that you do not need to enter your ID and password again during a session	Expires when the browsing session ends

If you continue access and use of the Database, you acknowledge and accept the use of cookies. You can manage and control the cookies through the use of cookies tools. You can prevent cookies from being stored on your computer by setting your browser to not accept cookies as per the instruction in the manual for your browser. You can delete cookies already on your computer at any time. If you choose not to accept cookies that are strictly necessary for accessing and use of the Database, it may result in a reduced availability of the Database. To find out more about cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.  

7.	Severability, non-waiver. The provisions of these Terms of Use are severable and if any of the provisions hereof are held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, in whole or in part, they shall be severed and deleted to the extent required and the remaining provisions shall remain enforceable. Failure by you or Air Liquide to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.

8.	Governing Law and Competent Jurisdiction. These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of France. Any dispute arising in connection with these Terms of Use shall be subject to jurisdiction of the courts of France. 
